Welcome

The pyRates community is created to drive data science and machine learning. 
Python is our main tool and most of the members here are either new, 
experienced or still building proficiency in Python as a programming language. 
To keep the community alive all users should endeavor to actively engage.We're all in this together. 
Let's treat everyone with respect. Healthy debates are natural, but kindness is a requirements.


Do's

Keep it Tidy: Using Treads and Channels

What's a thread? It's what you create when you 'reply' to someone's post, rather than creating a brand new one. 
It keeps conversations tidy and easy to follow.
What's a channel? It's like a chat-room. Each one has a purpose. 
Be sure to skim all our channels and find the right one for your post. 
Not sure where to start? Post in #general 


Strive to add value to every interaction and discussion you participate in

We hope you immediately see is what a helpful place this is. 
Every one of us is on a learning journey—yourself included—so we hope you find an opportunity to ask for help, 
and share your valuable experience with others. As a general rule of thumb, give more than you take.


Don'ts

Don’t use this space for self-promotion.
Give more than you take to this group. Self-promotion, spam and irrelevant links aren't allowed.
A discussion or comment that contains only a link to your blog, a product, or your article on another site will almost always be removed.


Don't be uncivil

In the spirit of inclusion, let's all do our best to keep the conversations rated-PG.
We’re going to get into the thick of a lot of heated discussions and that’s okay. 
These discussions often entail topics that we all personally care a lot about and will passionately defend, 
But in order for discussions to thrive here, we need to remember to criticize ideas, not people.


No bullying or hateful speeches.

Make sure everyone feels safe. Personal attacks and harassment will not be allowed. 
Sexist, racist, misogynist, homophobic, and broad, offensive generalizations about groups of people are simply not tolerated .

